Support Config.node false value (#252)
neutrinojs/webpack-chain: README.md

#### Config node

> You can set `node` option to object, or a `false` value.
> `false` value always rewrite `config.node` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the `node` option to an object, or a `false` value.
A `false` value always overrides the `config.node` chained map.
```

```js

> config.set('node', false);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
config.set('node', false);

// To use the value generated from `config.node` ChainedMap again
config.delete('node');
```
